<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [approval-voting][1]
    -   [lib][2]
    -   [cli][3]
    -   [bin][4]
-   [approval-voting][5]
    -   [lib][6]
    -   [cli][7]
    -   [bin][8]
-   [approval-voting/lib][9]
    -   [Question][10]
    -   [Ballot][11]
    -   [WorkDir][12]
-   [approval-voting/lib][13]
    -   [Question][14]
    -   [Ballot][15]
    -   [WorkDir][16]
-   [approval-voting/lib][17]
    -   [Question][18]
    -   [Ballot][19]
    -   [WorkDir][20]
-   [approval-voting/lib][21]
    -   [Question][22]
    -   [Ballot][23]
    -   [WorkDir][24]
-   [Question][25]
    -   [Parameters][26]
    -   [generateId][27]
        -   [Parameters][28]
    -   [getChoices][29]
    -   [isInvalid][30]
        -   [Parameters][31]
    -   [load][32]
        -   [Parameters][33]
    -   [clean][34]
        -   [Parameters][35]
    -   [create][36]
        -   [Parameters][37]
-   [Question][38]
    -   [generateId][39]
        -   [Parameters][40]
    -   [getChoices][41]
    -   [isInvalid][42]
        -   [Parameters][43]
    -   [load][44]
        -   [Parameters][45]
    -   [clean][46]
        -   [Parameters][47]
    -   [create][48]
        -   [Parameters][49]
-   [Ballot][50]
    -   [validate][51]
    -   [cast][52]
    -   [json][53]
-   [MkDirP][54]
-   [Rimraf][55]
-   [WorkDir][56]
    -   [Parameters][57]
    -   [checkExists][58]
    -   [ensureExists][59]
    -   [ensureRemoved][60]
    -   [list][61]
        -   [Parameters][62]
    -   [write][63]
        -   [Parameters][64]
-   [approval-voting/cli][65]
-   [approval-voting/cli][66]
-   [approval-voting/cli][67]
-   [approval-voting/cli][68]
-   [approval-voting/cli][69]
-   [approval-voting/cli][70]
-   [approval-voting/cli][71]
-   [approval-voting/cli][72]
-   [approval-voting/cli/Cmd][73]
-   [Cmd][74]
    -   [Parameters][75]
    -   [nextTickIfMain][76]
        -   [Parameters][77]
-   [option][78]
-   [option][79]
-   [option][80]
-   [option][81]
-   [option][82]
    -   [Parameters][83]
-   [enable][84]
-   [enable][85]
-   [poll][86]
    -   [Parameters][87]
-   [dbg][88]
-   [dbg][89]
-   [cfg][90]
-   [question][91]
    -   [Parameters][92]
-   [action][93]
-   [show][94]
    -   [Parameters][95]
-   [list][96]
    -   [Parameters][97]
-   [approval-voting/bin][98]
-   [Cfg][99]
    -   [MIN_VERBOSITY_VERBOSE][100]
    -   [workdir][101]
    -   [workdir][102]
        -   [Parameters][103]
    -   [upstream][104]
    -   [verbosity][105]
    -   [verbosity][106]
        -   [Parameters][107]
    -   [verbose][108]
    -   [verbose][109]
        -   [Parameters][110]
    -   [separator][111]
    -   [separator][112]
        -   [Parameters][113]
    -   [algorithim][114]

## approval-voting

### lib

Returns **lib** 

### cli

Returns **cli** 

### bin

Returns **bin** 

## approval-voting

### lib

Returns **lib** 

### cli

Returns **cli** 

### bin

Returns **bin** 

## approval-voting/lib

This library should define the user-interface agnostic "business-logic" of
this implementation of approval-voting.

### Question

Type: approval-voting/lib~Question

### Ballot

### WorkDir

## approval-voting/lib

### Question

Type: approval-voting/lib~Question

### Ballot

### WorkDir

## approval-voting/lib

### Question

Type: approval-voting/lib~Question

### Ballot

### WorkDir

## approval-voting/lib

### Question

Type: approval-voting/lib~Question

### Ballot

### WorkDir

## Question

So, a question in "Approval Voting" is basically just some text associated
with a set of possible choices.

### Parameters

-   `text` **any** 
-   `description`  
-   `winners` **any**  (optional, default `1`)
-   `choices` **([string][115] \| [object][116])** Expected to generally just be a string/text representing that choice. May also be an object; must have the property `text`.

### generateId

Generate a question ID.

#### Parameters

-   `text` **any** 

### getChoices

Both this function & the `choices` property returns a copy of the
`choices array` (so that the original is protected), @note this version
will always return the array in random order; the property returns the original order.

### isInvalid

If this question is invalid in any way;
this will return a description why.

#### Parameters

-   `reason_separator`   (optional, default `', '`)

### load

Questions can be loaded from `json` files.

#### Parameters

-   `file`  

### clean

Questions should be able to be given as either strings or JSON, and data will be cleaned/appended/uniqued/etc. \*

#### Parameters

-   `json`  
-   `winners`   (optional, default `1`)
-   `choices` **...any** 

### create

saves the question to the basedir

#### Parameters

-   `text`  
-   `desc`  
-   `winners`  
-   `choices` **...any** 

## Question

### generateId

Generate a question ID.

#### Parameters

-   `text` **any** 

### getChoices

Both this function & the `choices` property returns a copy of the
`choices array` (so that the original is protected), @note this version
will always return the array in random order; the property returns the original order.

### isInvalid

If this question is invalid in any way;
this will return a description why.

#### Parameters

-   `reason_separator`   (optional, default `', '`)

### load

Questions can be loaded from `json` files.

#### Parameters

-   `file`  

### clean

Questions should be able to be given as either strings or JSON, and data will be cleaned/appended/uniqued/etc. \*

#### Parameters

-   `json`  
-   `winners`   (optional, default `1`)
-   `choices` **...any** 

### create

saves the question to the basedir

#### Parameters

-   `text`  
-   `desc`  
-   `winners`  
-   `choices` **...any** 

## Ballot

Obviously, @todo: @class Ballot

What is encoded in a ballot?

-   The hash of all questions asked; combined.
-   The ordered-hash of each question asked.
-   The ordered-list of each set the voter chose to approve of each question.
-   The inverse; but identically ordered list of each set the voter did not choose to approve of each question.
-   Both sets (approve/not-approved) contain each option exactly once; no option may appear in both or may be missing from both.
-   A hash of the voterID & pollsterID combined; but neither individually: verifiable/recomputable only if you know both already.

What may not be encoded; or inferred; from information on a ballot:

-   The Voter ID.
-   The pollster ID.

### validate

Validate that `this.data` contains correct data.

### cast

### json

This will @return `undefined` until `this` has been `cast()`

## MkDirP

## Rimraf

## WorkDir

A "WorkDir" is the directory in which approval voting maintains its files.
Within "WorkDir" should be a repository that follows some basic rules:

### Parameters

-   `path`  

### checkExists

Simply checks to see if this path exists.

Returns **[Promise][117]** resolves to true if it does; false if it does not.

### ensureExists

This will check to see if the path exists;
but if it doesn't it will attempt to create it.
Upon either path alredy existing;
Or successful creation of the folder(s)
it will resolve to {true.}  This should never
resolve to {false}; but rather `reject` the promise
if it cannot ensure this path exists and is writable.

Returns **[Promise][117]** allways resolves to `true` OR `reject()`s the `Promise`

### ensureRemoved

the inverse of ensureExists; this will recursively remove the directory (very distructive; be careful.)

### list

This will list the directory; or return an empty
list if the directory didn't exist.

#### Parameters

-   `path`   (optional, default `'.'`)

### write

simply write the contents specified to a (relative) path.

#### Parameters

-   `file`  
-   `data`  

## approval-voting/cli

this module is a require-on-demand index of the
c.l.i. library of classes.

## approval-voting/cli

## approval-voting/cli

## approval-voting/cli

## approval-voting/cli

## approval-voting/cli

## approval-voting/cli

approval-voting.js
Copyright (C) 2020  Lt.Cmdr.BadQuanta@ufp.institute

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see [http://www.gnu.org/licenses/][118].

## approval-voting/cli

This module simply loads & caches the name of this package (approval-voting)

## approval-voting/cli/Cmd

## Cmd

**Extends commander/Command**

Abstract base command for all the various commands.

### Parameters

-   `args` **...any** these will get passe don to `Commander.js`.Command's constructor.

### nextTickIfMain

When mod equals process.mainModule; this will run the parse
function for `this` on `process.nextTick`

#### Parameters

-   `mod` **[Module][119]** the module to test against process.mainModule

## 

run actions \*

## option

Where to store data.

## option

How much to report to the user.

## option

Enable all reporting to user.

## option

Disable any extra output; only errors OR results.

## option

### Parameters

-   `flags`  
-   `description`  

## enable

This function will force npm's `debug` to output anything that uses it; including approval-voting

## enable

This function will force npm's `debug` to disable output of anything that uses it.

## poll

**Extends require('./Cmd')**

approval-voting/cli/

### Parameters

-   `args` **...any** 

## dbg

## dbg

Using the `debug` module, this defines
the root of approval-voting logging.

## cfg

## question

**Extends require('./Cmd')**

`apprVote.js` CLI -- COMMAND "new"

### Parameters

-   `args` **...any** 

## action

this will require & call the create function\*

## show

**Extends Cmd**

Command Line Interface sub-command: "show"

### Parameters

-   `args` **...any** 

## list

**Extends require('./Cmd')**

### Parameters

-   `args` **...any** 

## approval-voting/bin

Approval voting commands:

## Cfg

Represents runtime-configuration. 
Is writable; will clean & validate values.
Can "try" to import data from many different sources;
gracefully ignoring failures. Overwrites values from each
successive successful source over previous values also defined.
By default this base class will load: 
1) the cfg.json located within this repository.
2) the user's $HOME/.approval-voting.json file; overriding settings set in both places.
3) the current working directory's approval-voting.json settings.

### MIN_VERBOSITY_VERBOSE

Minimum verbosity level considered to be "verbose."

### workdir

The working directory of this repository: the default in version 0.0.0 is the current working directory's "approvals" folder.

### workdir

Through environment variables, command line flags, or other means one may choose another path to work with; and polling always
works with a different directory cloned from this original value.

#### Parameters

-   `path`  

### upstream

### verbosity

verbosity of output setting level; an integer. 
0) or less, representing quiet. 
1) represting general info and major steps.
2) being considered the start of verbose and extra or redundant information.
3) or more being considered info useful only for low-level debugging and troubleshooting.
\*

### verbosity

Change the current verbosity level; should have an immediate affect on logs & output.

#### Parameters

-   `lvl`  

### verbose

Test if the verbosity level is set to or above the "minimum verbosity level", a.k.a. `2`

### verbose

Ensure the verbosity level is set to or above (or below) the "minimum verbosity level", a.k.a. `2`.

#### Parameters

-   `bool`   (optional, default `true`)
-   `enabled` **[boolean][120]** if true then when the current verbosity is below "verbose", it will set it to "verbose."
    inversly when `false` and the current verbosity is above "verbose", it will set it to "verbose"-1 (a.k.a. `1`)

### separator

The program considers input containing this character to be more than one individual value.
It will split up that individual value into multiples; trimming whitespace around each split value.

### separator

The user can specify via command line; environment variables; or settings either different character(s)
to use for separation; or disable separation all together.

#### Parameters

-   `chars`  

### algorithim

The user can specify via command line; environment variables; or settings different "algorithims" used to 
compute "ObjectHashes".

[1]: #approval-voting

[2]: #lib

[3]: #cli

[4]: #bin

[5]: #approval-voting-1

[6]: #lib-1

[7]: #cli-1

[8]: #bin-1

[9]: #approval-votinglib

[10]: #question

[11]: #ballot

[12]: #workdir

[13]: #approval-votinglib-1

[14]: #question-1

[15]: #ballot-1

[16]: #workdir-1

[17]: #approval-votinglib-2

[18]: #question-2

[19]: #ballot-2

[20]: #workdir-2

[21]: #approval-votinglib-3

[22]: #question-3

[23]: #ballot-3

[24]: #workdir-3

[25]: #question-4

[26]: #parameters

[27]: #generateid

[28]: #parameters-1

[29]: #getchoices

[30]: #isinvalid

[31]: #parameters-2

[32]: #load

[33]: #parameters-3

[34]: #clean

[35]: #parameters-4

[36]: #create

[37]: #parameters-5

[38]: #question-5

[39]: #generateid-1

[40]: #parameters-6

[41]: #getchoices-1

[42]: #isinvalid-1

[43]: #parameters-7

[44]: #load-1

[45]: #parameters-8

[46]: #clean-1

[47]: #parameters-9

[48]: #create-1

[49]: #parameters-10

[50]: #ballot-4

[51]: #validate

[52]: #cast

[53]: #json

[54]: #mkdirp

[55]: #rimraf

[56]: #workdir-4

[57]: #parameters-11

[58]: #checkexists

[59]: #ensureexists

[60]: #ensureremoved

[61]: #list

[62]: #parameters-12

[63]: #write

[64]: #parameters-13

[65]: #approval-votingcli

[66]: #approval-votingcli-1

[67]: #approval-votingcli-2

[68]: #approval-votingcli-3

[69]: #approval-votingcli-4

[70]: #approval-votingcli-5

[71]: #approval-votingcli-6

[72]: #approval-votingcli-7

[73]: #approval-votingclicmd

[74]: #cmd

[75]: #parameters-14

[76]: #nexttickifmain

[77]: #parameters-15

[78]: #option

[79]: #option-1

[80]: #option-2

[81]: #option-3

[82]: #option-4

[83]: #parameters-16

[84]: #enable

[85]: #enable-1

[86]: #poll

[87]: #parameters-17

[88]: #dbg

[89]: #dbg-1

[90]: #cfg

[91]: #question-6

[92]: #parameters-18

[93]: #action

[94]: #show

[95]: #parameters-19

[96]: #list-1

[97]: #parameters-20

[98]: #approval-votingbin

[99]: #cfg-1

[100]: #min_verbosity_verbose

[101]: #workdir-5

[102]: #workdir-6

[103]: #parameters-21

[104]: #upstream

[105]: #verbosity

[106]: #verbosity-1

[107]: #parameters-22

[108]: #verbose

[109]: #verbose-1

[110]: #parameters-23

[111]: #separator

[112]: #separator-1

[113]: #parameters-24

[114]: #algorithim

[115]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[116]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[117]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[118]: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/

[119]: https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html

[120]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
